Hey big brother
Don't bring down Lin Mo
Shares in the Lin Group
We're not getting a penny.
Who said that Lin Mo's nickname is Jean?
Chen Shixian, did you play a good hand?
Drive Lin Mo away by the hands of his neighbors
You enjoy it
Uncle can't say that.
I want to be the president of Lin's Group
Don't you also benefit?
Stop being glib here
An outsider
He is not qualified to be the president of Lin's Group at all
Uncle, what do you mean by that?
Uncle, don't forget
This Shengshi Group supports the courtiers
It has nothing to do with the neighbor
What is the Shengshi Group?
The Lin Group can only belong to the Lin family
Don't eat chicken, you two
big brother
Wouldn't it be nice to let Shixian help us make money?
Shut up what do you know
Uncle, it seems that I am not the only one.
Do you want to be the CEO?